chore(readme): update to beta (#1616)
tauri-apps/tauri: README.md

| Component                                                                   | Description                    | Version                                                                                          | Lin | Win | Mac |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --- | --- | --- |
| [**cli.rs**](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/tooling/cli.rs)   | create, develop and build apps | [![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tauri-cli.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/tauri-cli)         | ✅   | ✅   | ✅   |
| [**cli.js**](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/tooling/cli.js)   | Node.js CLI wrapper for cli.rs | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tauri-apps/cli.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tauri-apps/cli)               | ✅   | ✅   | ✅   |

> | [**api.js**](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri/tree/dev/tooling/cli.js)   | JS API for interaction with Rust backend | [![](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@tauri-apps/api.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tauri-apps/api)               | ✅   | ✅   | ✅   |

Reviewer: wrong github url here, should be just /api

The user interface in Tauri apps currently leverages [`winit`](https://docs.rs/winit) as a window handling library on macOS and Windows, and [`gtk`](https://gtk-rs.org/docs/gtk/) on Linux via the **Tauri-team** incubated and maintained [WRY](https://github.com/tauri-apps/wry), which creates a unified interface to the system webview, leveraging WebKit on macOS, WebView2 on Windows and WebKitGTK on Linux.

## Get Started
If you are interested in making a tauri-app, please visit the [documentation website](https://tauri.studio). This README is directed towards those who are interested in contributing to the core library. But if you just want a quick overview about where `tauri` is at in its development, here's a quick burndown:

#### Platforms
- [x] Windows 7,8,10
- [x] Linux
- [x] macOS
- [ ] iOS (in progress)
- [ ] android (soon)

#### App Bundles
- [x] App Icons
- [x] Build on MacOS (.app, .dmg)
- [x] Build on Linux (.deb, AppImage)
- [x] Build on Windows (.exe, .msi)
- [x] Copy Buffer
- [x] Device Notifications (toast)
- [x] Self Updater
- [x] App Signing

> - [x] Frameless Mode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Frameless Mode
```

> - [x] Transparent Mode]

Reviewer 2: Extra `]` at the end of these 2 lines

> - [x] Transparent Mode]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Transparent Mode
```

## Introduction
Tauri is a framework for building tiny, blazing fast binaries for all major desktop platforms. Developers can integrate any front-end framework that compiles to HTML, JS and CSS for building their user interface. The backend of the application is a rust-sourced binary with an API that the front-end can interact with.

> The user interface in Tauri apps currently leverages [`winit`](https://docs.rs/winit) as a WebView abstraction for all platforms via the **Tauri-team** incubated and maintained [wry](https://github.com/tauri-apps/wry), which creates a unified interface to these system webviews.

Reviewer: winit is a window lib, maybe we should note that we use gtk on linux and still mention wkwebview/webview2/webkitgtk

## Introduction
Tauri is a framework for building tiny, blazing fast binaries for all major desktop platforms. Developers can integrate any front-end framework that compiles to HTML, JS and CSS for building their user interface. The backend of the application is a rust-sourced binary with an API that the front-end can interact with.

> The user interface in Tauri apps currently leverages [`winit`](https://docs.rs/winit) as a WebView abstraction for all platforms via the **Tauri-team** incubated and maintained [wry](https://github.com/tauri-apps/wry), which creates a unified interface to these system webviews using gtk on linux and leveraging wkwebkit (macOS), webview2 (windows) webkitgtk (linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user interface in Tauri apps currently leverages [`winit`](https://docs.rs/winit) as a window handling library on macOS and Windows, and [`gtk`](https://gtk-rs.org/docs/gtk/) on Linux via the **Tauri-team** incubated and maintained [WRY](https://github.com/tauri-apps/wry), which creates a unified interface to the system webview, leveraging WebKit on macOS, WebView2 on Windows and WebKitGTK on Linux.
```

- [x] Build on Windows (.exe, .msi)
- [x] Copy Buffer
- [x] Device Notifications (toast)
- [x] Self Updater

> - [x] App Signing (coming soon)

Reviewer: why coming soon? they're all published

- github actions for CI and CD
- discord for discussions
- netlify-hosted documentation website
- digital ocean meilisearch instance

### Major Runtimes
- node.js for running the CLI (deno and pure rust are on the roadmap)
- cargo for testing, running the dev service, building binaries and as the runtime harness for the webview

### Major Languages
- rust for the CLI

> - typescript bindings to the RUST Cli

Reviewer: CLI or Cli?

> - typescript the JS-side of the API

Reviewer: "typescript for the JS-side"?

- github actions for CI and CD
- discord for discussions
- netlify-hosted documentation website
- digital ocean meilisearch instance

### Major Runtimes
- node.js for running the CLI (deno and pure rust are on the roadmap)
- cargo for testing, running the dev service, building binaries and as the runtime harness for the webview

### Major Languages
- Rust for the CLI

> - EcmaScript bindings to the Rust API, written in typescript

Reviewer 3: Should we say JavaScript instead of EcmaScript here to make it more clear for beginners?

This has been done with our best attempt at due diligence and in
respect of the original authors. Thankyou - this project would never have
been possible without your amazing contribution to open-source and we are
honoured to carry the torch further. Of special note:
- [zserge](https://github.com/zserge) for the original webview approach and
go bindings
- [Burtonago](https://github.com/burtonageo) for the Cargo Bundle prototype
Tauri aims to be a sustainable collective based on principles that guide [sustainable free and open software communities](https://sfosc.org). To this end it has become a Programme within the [Commons Conservancy](https://commonsconservancy.org/), and you can contribute financially via [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/tauri).

## Contributing
Please make sure to read the [Contributing Guide](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
before making a pull request.

Thank you to all the people who already contributed to Tauri!

Special thanks to the development team at Volentix Labs for the encouragement and support in the early phases of Tauri, notably Rhys Parry and Gregory Luneau.

> 

Reviewer 4: Backtracking a bit, but two points:
- Have the removed special thanks become obsolete?
- Technically I think we're in the "setup phase" https://dracc.commonsconservancy.org/0020/ before formally going into effect as a programme. May be running a bit ahead of the actual status there.
